therapeutic.
Right.
Yeah. I don't think that I don't see that changing much.
I always tell my students in practicum and internship, you know, they go in and see clients, and they come out, and everybody's like, oh, what a good job. I'm like, what the hell are you guys validate each other so much for?
Right, right. Yeah, everybody…
Patrick, before we get started, I wanted to just ask a quick question about, at some point, you sent us, I believe, or told us where it was, the consent forms.
Yeah. Mm-hmm. You need that?
Yes.
Okay. Thank you.
Yeah, I've got it somewhere. I can just give it to you. I actually think it's in the open source repository as well, but I wouldn't know where.
Okay.
Yeah, I can get that to you. That's an important one.
Yeah, if you have it, send one to me, too.
Mm-hmm. Well… We were just talking about the Florida meeting, Laura.
Yeah.
Kathy and Guillermo both had a terrible time.
What are they? The votes on what we need improvement on?
his being facetious.
I don't know.
Guillermo, do we get a copy of the video?
Yeah, yeah. I think it, uh, it went out already, but I can… Patrick, do you have it?
Well, yeah, the audience got an official email. with the Zoom recording and the password.
I'll make… I can… I can make sure it gets forwarded.
Okay.
and. And I also have the hard copy, Laura.
So it's all going to be public, you know, in a few months as well. But in the meantime, I have this giant file that I need to chop up.
Yeah, if you wouldn't mind sending me a link to that.
Um, that would be great, Guillermo.
Me too. Me too.
Yeah, let's see if I can find it real quick.
Yeah.
You mean to the Zoom recording? Yeah, it's… you should have gotten an email already from the Florida group.
Really?
Yeah, if… look for it after the meeting, and if you can't find it, like, just let me know.
Okay.
Good to see it. Well, all right.
So. The thing I wanted to get to was this new literature review tool. Did you, any of you get a chance to look at any of those before?
Yeah.
I do, yeah.
Yeah. Okay. So, Laura, Laura and Kathy, you did, and Guillermo, you. This will be news to you then, huh?
Well, I saw the email come in, I just haven't had time since I got home.
No, the emails are…
Yeah, sure. And I hope those emails aren't too like. Now, I tell you what these things, these like innovations just come through, and it's it's just wild. And so I get pretty excited.
The emails are helpful, lets me know when to go look.
Good. So anyway, that's what I wanted to do. The the overview. The big picture right now, as far as I can tell with this with just efficiency and productivity is that.
We've all gone through and done Sarah, and I and Kathy and Guillermo, you guys have done some more. There's kind of two categories of synthetic cases right now. There's the first round, which is Sarah Marcus.
Yeah.
Jennifer? I can't remember. And I'm kind of looking at those, like, practice ones now, especially because, you know, like Kathy, you were… I remember specifically, you were like, man, I just learned so much, and I do it so differently now. We're all like that.
And so, um, and I also spent a lot of time improving.
The, um… the AI coach and the synthetic clients. And so there's a second round.
of them, and actually, I'm in… I'm making even more improvements on the AI part.
Right now, which I didn't think I was gonna do, but… so this is still evolving, but it is about to plateau, because I'm getting diminishing returns on improving these things. Anyway, backing up, there's kind of… right now on the server, there's two categories of synthetic cases, and I think there's three of each.
Sarah, Marcus, Jennifer are the first 3. And then Arthur, Dominic.
I guess there's 4 in the second one. Arthur, Dominic, Cassandra, Robert, because that was me playing around with it. Um, are there… and those are much more kind of nuanced.
And so go have a look at those. I've coded Arthur, Dominic, Cassandra.
and I would start with Arthur, just so that we all start on the same page.
But those are really cool. They're… Guillermo was texting you about them, I think, like.
Yeah.
I got through some of those, and there's a man that the AI will put like a theme in there that you won't you'll notice it was there the whole time, but it you'll pick it up like 15, 20 statements down the line, and… It's really cool. It's like listening to real conversations. So anyway, I guess Arthur would be the next one. If you're going to jump on one.
Uh, because it would be cool to move on past Sarah, first of all.
And I'm saying, but I am saying that all of this, I'm giving this big picture because I need to do that every time, but also because if we're doing the IRR tools, if we're going to look at those right now.
It… we probably need to use a case that we maybe remember, and that's probably still Sarah.
So go forward with Arthur for coding. But but I wanted to look at the tools because there's so much in these tools. It's that available, and it needs to be on some familiar content, I think.
So.
To that point, to that point, uh, Patrick, I would vote for, if we're going to go back to one, Marcus or Jennifer, because, um,
I took… I took to heart what you said, which was don't go back and change mine. I did go back through Sarah.
completely and made paper notes about what I would do.
But at that point, we were using it as, like, an IRR, you know,
practice, and so to not… to not, uh, change what I did… be influenced by us meeting to make my changes, so…
My Sarah is still, you know, incomplete other than my paper notes, so if it's all the same…
to do Marcus or Jennifer.
Well, first of all, Laura hasn't done those, but also it's… I think it's not… we're not going to be comparing. When we look at these IRR tools, the lit review tools.
Okay.
Uh-huh.
it's gonna be a lot less about our individual codes, and more about just the kind of information that the tools give us, because I want to acquaint you guys with the tools. I also want to try them, and myself with you guys, because I haven't used them that much. And, um… And just see how that process goes, and with some codes, you know?
Where we remember the discussion more than the codes.
Mm-hmm, okay.
Makes sense. Makes sense.
That makes sense. Right. So there's two levels. This is a little intro. There's two levels to these. One is the coding assistant level.
And you're going to see this little button here on each event.
Okay? And what it's going to do, you can scroll down to any event that you've coded, and… let's see, let's get an interesting one here.
maybe not away. Yeah, this is this. The main thing we talked about was the over functioning versus distance versus, I don't know.
Mm-hmm.
Whatever, if there was a triangle topic right for this code.
And so, if I click this button. Um, and this is my code here. It's going to… It's going to go… It's going to run this AI prompt on the server, and it's going to go grab all the lit review.
pieces that are relevant. And then it's going to produce this report, and it's… there's a lot here. There's too much here to make use of efficiently, because what are you going to do this? Every code? No way, right?
But at the same time. It's it's pretty interesting. And.
And it has links. So it's it's taking the actual code technical term, and then looking at that part in the lit review, breaking it down and saying, is this… Would the lit review agree with the code?
And for this one, it's saying, yeah, it's aligned, the coding of relationship over functioning is aligned with the operational definition.
Sarah's statement contains multiple specific markers for this variable, taking responsibility, overload language complaint. This is all just the way I'm looking at it is just food for thought.
Because it's not to be taken literally. I think it's meant to fuel your thinking while you're coding. Because this this particular part on the event delta that I clicked that little button. That's for you as an individual to look at.
when we're looking at agreement. There's the other tool, this other calibration tool is what it's called.
And that's when we go, so here up here in the breadcrumb, I've got the Sarah case, and then if I hover over this, you get a menu.
And you go down to IRR review, and this is the page that we go through.
that we will use going through in our meetings.
and uh… and it's got a statement with all of our codes for that statement side by side, right? So that's an improvement from when we started. But also it has this calibrate button up here for the entire discussion. So this is not statement by statement.
This is the AI making suggestions about the highest priority disagreements and topics to discuss. And so it does a similar kind of breakdown. If I click this to collapse all.
There we go. It's prioritizing them, and it's making its own assumptions about that. You know, this is AI doing its probabilistic, not deterministic thing. It's it's just making it doing the best it can, ranking them in order.
And uh… doing this level… I don't know, I can't remember the name for this yet. And I'm not sure if there is a name, but it's it's actually creating kind of a layer. I mean, this is going to be hard to explain. It's really important.
It's going through all of our codes for the discussion, all 4 of us, and it's trying to pick out.
the kind of underlying… Um… I need a noun for this. It's like the construct, or the shift, or something that we are all getting at in our codes. Because that… that is actually pretty reliable, it turns out. Like, the over-functioning thing with Sarah is a perfect example. We all were trying to get at that, and we coded it in different statements, and we coded it in different ways.
But it turns out that it's not that hard for the AI to go through and try to figure out what we were, like, the shift or something that we were trying to code and may code differently.
And so it does its best with that. It makes assumptions about it, and then it organizes this list according to those.
Okay? And then it and then it ranks them. There's a couple of different ways to rank them. I think it's by.
It's bivariable, and then by oh, there's 3 ways, or in order, which is really useful, because.
We all probably have an idea of the timeline in our head.
Right? And if we go through that in chronological order, then we can kind of get at the essence of what we were trying to code.
and review them that way, or there is, by this prioritized order, which is a suggestion for how to run the meeting.
And those are overlaid so that we can scroll down here statement by statement. And then kind of try to find the corresponding code on the right, and just look what the lit review says.
So it's… there's a lot here, but there's also a kind of a simple… it's set up to sort of have a flow that we can go through, and obviously I haven't tested it yet, because this meeting would be the first time we could do that.
So any questions before I guess we just start picking this apart and seeing if it even worked?
I think it's really cool. It's like, uh…
what did you say? It's… we're all trying to describe something, and the AI's picking up some kind of
common pro… the common process that we're all trying to get at.
If I'm hearing…
Yeah.
Yeah, process, like, common timeline, really. Oh, that reminds me. I also I can't remember. Yeah, timeline. So I added this timeline.
menu item here. And if you click on that, you can compare any 2 coders with the with the cumulative timeline. So this is what would show up in the pro app.
And it tries to show the differences. And that includes the AI coder. I've got this synthetic AI coder in here now.
Uh, maybe I don't have it on this. Discussion yet.
No, you… it had… it said AI on there.
Okay, okay.
Yeah, but that's a… that's a different one. Anyway, so, like, if I… so Guillermo and Kathy, you know, you're gonna have, um… there's agreement here that George died here, and then Harold had a death, and then Ruth had a death. And then.
We've got anxiety, insomnia up since mom's diagnosis. That's a difference here, and it's showing… it's supposed to be showing the difference.
Uh, the different shifts, or the different relationship shifts here. So, like, I think on the left, we have Guillermo, right is Kathy. Guillermo has symptom up anxiety up for that.
event. And… Kathy's got another… I haven't looked at this in a few days. Whoops. Oh, shoot. Kathy's got another event here with kind of a different timeframe, I guess.
with symptom same, anxiety, same, relationship distance, and so it's trying to show the differences between those two.
It's doing its best to match up the timelines, you know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
And so I just wanted to show you guys that that was there.
if I do… I think Laura and I have the highest agreement on this one. Yeah.
So you can see that there's a lot of agreement in the resulting timeline.
And then it just tries to show where there's differences.
Hmm.
If you click on these, it'll take you back to the original statement.
And so, what I was… so all of this is reflective. This page, and then also the… our review page that has the cumulative calibration report.
is all… now organized around what I realized that.
You have really the… what we need to be comparing is the cumulative result.
And even when I'm having AI extract these in the personal app, it does better when you just take the whole discussion.
And it's not going statement by statement. So statement by statement still has to happen for our data entry because it's actually, you know, you need to have some kind of a flow to do that. But at the same time, the actual review needs to happen at the cumulative timeline level.
It's like, all that matters is we came up with the same timeline.
Really. And then the AI is operating like that under the hood as well. So it kind of… there was sort of an alignment there with that.
So, you know, would that be consistent with…
Anyway.
Um, and the…
The coating that Kathy and I did on my
weight loss data.
I think I've said this before, the R variable, we just said there was a shift, we didn't
specify whether it was conflict, distance, reciprocity.
We just said there was a shift
that impacted anxiety.
Or a symptom.
He's like…
It wouldn't be. consistent with that, necessarily. What I mean… Is because the data model that we have, you know, you always have to choose a data model, and you just got to kind of run with it, and there's going to be a lot of waste that goes with that. The data model we have is we're compiling a timeline of SARF shifts that are specified as SARF. There's multiple of them, they happen at different times.
And so you're talking about kind of a lower resolution.
version of that, saying there was an R shift and not getting into how it subdivides.
Right.
Right. And, you know, by doing it the way we're doing it, we are also accomplishing what you're saying, because you could just ignore which shift it was and say, yes, there is an R shift.
Yeah.
And further to that point, in the personal app, the way the graph works right now is that it is just a blue line on the timeline. It doesn't specify. It says there is an R shift right here, because it turns out that that variable is.
is, uh, it's it's not an ordinal variable like the S, A, and R F A and F can be drawn as a line graph.
Right.
Right? They kind of increase and decrease, but our shift is, like, it just kind of happened.
Yeah, okay.
So that's a detailed version answer for you.
Anyway. I thought, uh… so… so we've got Sarah up here, and like I was saying to Kathy, I mean, for this discussion, I don't think we're digging into the actual… codes as much, but more just to read some of these lit review results for these codes, and see how useful they are, and even see if it…
Yeah.
Good.
Changes the way we think about the symbols.
Yeah. Right. Okay. So, um, let's see here. Let's do a quick view. Let's get this in timeline order and just see what that looks like first.
We've got…
So it's, uh… and we have some bugs where it's… it's supposed to show which relationship variable here for this shift, this first relationship one, and then also.
the person… It has the variable here.
And it's got Guillermo and Kathy. And then the next one is, it's got Guillermo saying there was a symptom. I'm just doing a really high level look at the top part at the the categories here. Trouble sleeping, feeling anxious. So that's going to be an obvious one that we all got. I think it's supposed to group together.
my code and Laura's code here, too, because we all obviously coded that. That's the presenting symptom.
But then we have…
Michael, avoiding, which we all picked up on. That's what I mean, like, there's an underlying construct that… that we all are in agreement on, and then it's a matter of how it's coded.
There's anxiety up. So it's only showing 2 at a time.
Mm-hmm.
Should be showing more. Maybe that's a bug, I can look into that.
diagnosed with early stage dementia. So maybe, okay, so that's what this basically looks like in the timeline. Maybe we can just go start looking at these one at a time.
It put this one at the highest. Priority.
Meaning it's the biggest difference, something, like…
It's supposed to be capturing distance. Yeah.
Which coating better? So, Guillermo's got conflict here, um, and we… you know what? We need to get the oh yeah, that's right. We can scroll. That's so cool.
Okay, very cool.
If I click this, it takes me to the statement.
Hmm.
Michael is my younger brother, I guess I just don't understand why he can't step more. He's got a family, but it feels like I'm the only one who's really involved in mom right now.
Just add stress when he's not doing his parts. So that's not… Guillermo, you did not put conflict for that. I have no idea why it says conflict there. It must be a bug.
It's just my internal world represented.
That's not good. It knows you.
Uh-oh.
Yeah.
Yeah, these… actually, it's linking to the wrong events.
Oh.
Maybe I could just search and find it.
There we go. Okay, so yeah, it's linking to the wrong event, because here's your conflict.
I'm not really sure about specific moments to stand out since Grandma Ruth Badger just feels like overwhelming. Everything has gotten heavier, especially with mom's diagnosis. I guess I've taken on more of a caregiver role.
I don't know why I put conflict there, but uh… I didn't mean to.
Right? Yeah, probably a mistake, huh? Alright, let's see if I can find the distance one manually. Then distance.
So here's… There's going to be a lot of distances for Kathy. Kathleen.
Let's get those things accept. Well, that's kind of a pain. This thing is very useful if it doesn't get the statements right.
Well, let's see if the narrative, because it makes sense here, because sometimes it'll pick it out.
Which coating better aligns with the operational definition? Kathleen's coding of distance is stronger and more aligned with the operational level. While Sarah expresses frustration and criticism.
Mark is often associated with conflict. The actual relationship mechanism she described.
Michael and her father using Divine Anxiety as distance. The SARF definition for distance emphasizes avoiding bringing up issues, emotional insulation, and taking a step back.
Sarah explicitly uses these descriptors for the primary actors in her narrative.
Supporting evidence, passage IDs. Silver bows.
Sarah knows Michael has really taken a step back. So there's, like, a literal mention of part of the definition there.
It's like, Michael, it's just avoiding it all. Sarah describes her father as being in Florida and divorced a long time ago.
Noting she has nothing to has to deal with everything on my own. This describes a state of physical and emotional distance cutoff rather than active.
Interesting. Conflict definition. So that this is from Bone's book defines conflict as a state where neither gives in to the other and maintains emotional engagement.
Michael's behavior, avoiding it all is the opposite of engagement. It is the cessation of the fight with through withdrawal. God, this is just wild.
Yeah, that's very good. I, you know, I wonder that first statement, really taking a step back, I said, well, is that actually in the literature? And then it seems to say it's in
Family evaluation.
Uh, what is that? Chapter 6, page 81? Is that what that means?
Right, so then it jumps to the statement here.
Yeah.
Uh, it doesn't highlight it, so it's hard to find it exactly, but it does at least get you there. So FE681.
And so, oh, yeah, it basically does put it there. Husband becomes quite reactive, but is now experiencing excessive distance.
No.
I wouldn't say that's a semantic hit.
Her husband becomes quite reactive to what is now experienced as excessive.
Distance.
Yeah.
So it looks like it took this and then inferred, I think, uh, taking a step… Really, this is the quote from the statement that Sarah made.
Yeah,
And it did the semantic similarity to that quote from Kerr.
I see.
Yeah, really taking a step. To me, the confusing thing about that is…
That we often talk about detachment or objectivity, stepping back from
the emotionally reactivity, uh, that… with which we are engaged. So we step back.
And that's kind of a more thoughtful thing, then.
a anxiety-generated thing.
So, that's…
why that surprised me.
There's another link here. Fe 677, but it's not clickable.
I can probably search for it. And this is for the avoiding it all part.
What distance… oh, this is distance section. Um, oh, this is part of the synthesis.
defining markers of distance, and it's citing this passage. So that's actually just a citation. Let's see if I can find the original.
Discomfort usually becomes so great attempts to talk to her husband.
Failed closeness attempt precedes distancing. Interesting.
Is that an AI judgment?
This is a direct statement from family evaluation, a direct.
Okay.
Uh-huh.
Ah, okay.
Quote, this is the inference.
So then… back to here, just avoiding it all.
Emotional insulation. There's a lot of assumption going on that's kind of obscuring it, I think, because the family evaluation quote that it's talking about is where there's an attempt that fails, attempt at contact or engagement that fails, and then a withdrawal.
That's what this is saying, and then it linked that passage to just avoiding it all. I didn't see an attempt in there.
Uh-huh, yeah.
But just avoiding it all sounds like distancing nevertheless.
Um, they, um…
Emotional insulation, you know, I guess, I guess, sensitive to the language.
emotional insulation,
is, um, not a concept that I'm…
familiar with.
Um…
Yeah, that's gonna be… that's gonna be generated by the AI.
Yeah.
So that's its own language.
I mean, it kind of makes sense. I'm figuring that means emotional isolation.
Which I would, you know, have them more familiarity with, but…
So, emotional insulation…
Um, I kind of…
you know, can we do… can we allow the AI to have that latitude? Um, I guess is my question.
Well, I don't know. I mean…
What do you mean allow? Okay.
Do we… do we tell it, like, no, you can't say that? Or, you know…
Too much inference, or something.
No. No, that's… that's… that's… there's so many layers that it's not worth it.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, that's why I said this is food for thought.
Yeah.
you know, this is. And the best thing you can do is set up a traceable data set, where if people really.
want to dig into it, like, kind of like we're starting to do right now. You can just go find the passage and make your own call.
Yeah.
The rest of it is just… It's just best guess.
Yeah, I did…
There's also so much here. I mean, this is just one little… you know, it's one among many that we'll never look at in detail.
Right.
I mean…
You know, I wonder, we were… I wonder… we had that question about distance and over-functioning under-functioning in this case, in the beginning. I wonder if we could find that in here and see what it says for that one.
Mmm.
Yeah.
Okay. Maybe just scroll down and see if it's in there?
you know?
Yeah. Well, I've got… I can sort it by variable, and then… Relationship…
What are those numbers next to the variables up there? Relationship 60, it says, and…
Where do those numbers?
Uh, that's the count of entries under the R variable.
And that would be for the four of us in total?
Or…
This is the AI's best guess at what we were trying to capture.
So it was saying, basically, there were 60 opportunities within SARA for us to code a shift.
It's saying we exhibited 60. Opportunities.
Uh-huh.
It's not making guesses that we didn't code. It's saying, this is what we coded.
Uh-huh, okay.
This is what it looks like we were trying to get at, something like that.
Yeah.
That's a lot. And it would be nice to see the actual… our variable here, because I if I want to go find.
under functioning. I have to click through. A lot of distance, a lot of Guillermo distance.
Guillermo's got problems.
Don't we all, Carmel?
And… It also kind of looks like it's picking up the same code and maybe enumerating it more than once.
I think it's right there, Patrick. Yeah, that one or the dad.
But the main part was, it was, uh, the idea was Michael not doing his part and her…
distance, that's the distance part where he's kind of… isn't he in Florida with his girlfriend or something?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Distance from friend family rug, anxiety. It should be. You should be able to find it in these.
Summaries, if they're doing their job, some of them are not correct.
stepped back. Maybe that's… What else?
Alright, I'm officially not happy with this tool.
Which coding a distance, stronger alignment, taking charge, operant definitions of preoccupation with work, hobby, emotional installation. Oh, emotional installation is in the… Ben.
I was gonna say, I've heard the term in other texts,
Where have you?
Per Senate.
Kerr. It's saying that Kerr said it.
I don't think this is the other functioning under functioning one.
Maybe if we do it by time. see, because it's kind of early on, right?
Oh, no, it's not time in the discussion. It's.
real-time on the timeline. So, that would have been…
Well, there's a Michael shift. Michael's avoiding. distance.
There's that distance thing again. Michael stepped back. It's kind of the same idea.
Yeah.
Michael changes subject when talking about mom, avoids deep conversations.
Looking at the Michaels here, avoiding Ellie. That's in there a lot.
stepped back after Ruth's death. Where is the over-functioning and functioning one?
Yeah, so it was in there quite a bit, I think, was it?
All right. Like, if I go up to the top.
There's one right there.
We should see it. Here it is. Right.
But maybe we didn't have differences over it. We had a…
That could be true. Oops, I lost it.
I think it was like, it was over-functioning our triangle, wasn't it? Wasn't that the thing we were…
And…
and distance. Right?
Uh-huh, over-under functioning and distance.
Yeah, it…
You had an away…
Well, this this thing needs some. Needs some testing.
Patrick, can we see the calibration report where we're all together, or is that only you?
We can just see our… the way…
Well, um…
its calibration for our coding.
Yeah, that's right, because it's IRR, it's IRR, that's right, that's right, that's right.
Can you say?
Yeah, like… I don't quite understand what you mean, but, like, this is the per statement view.
No, I meant, uh, can we… can we do this same analysis, but that, uh, would defeat the purpose of the IRR.
like, uh, on our own, could we see…
Can we do the same analysis, Hal?
What you're seeing right now, and I don't think so, I think we can only see the calibration of our coating.
Not all four.
Oh, oh, you mean, can… do you have this button?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Uh… Oh, really?
But I don't think so, I don't see it. I see it pers… I see it per statement, but not, uh…
Overall.
Then, um… Yeah, that's, uh, that's not a problem to add that.
Are you still sharing your screen?
That's be done.
I think I… I think I was using that button, not the… I didn't see… actually see the per statement button. I was using that…
That one. Think.
Okay, okay, cool.
I think it's fine if you see them. You know, it's… I think it's honor system for enforcing the whole blind coding part, and that would be the only reason not to.
So if it's not there, if you basically go to the discussion for Sarah.
And look right here, and you should have some of this menu.
Yeah, good, I…
And let me know if you don't have IRR review, basically.
Ah, okay, let me… I'm checking now.
No, I got him. I got him, Patrick, I see it.
Or timeline, those are the two new ones.
Thank you.
So then if you go into IRR review, do you also have the calibration button?
Yeah, yeah, I got it, I see everything.
Okay, good. Yeah, and that report is expensive to generate and it tells you that. You're more than welcome to click on it, but don't click regenerate or anything like that because then it just reruns it, and…
Okay.
you know, probably cost a few bucks.
Could you just show me that again? I lost the share screen there for a bit. I was trying to get it onto my big…
monitor and…
Yeah, you want… when you're on the… anywhere on that discussion for any discussion, just look here.
Okay, alright.
Hover over that, there's a menu, and you've got IRR review.
Okay.
So that takes you to the page where you can see all our statements next to each other.
Okay, alright.
Just don't go there until after you've done you're done coding something.
Right. Right.
Okay, and that gives the…
And then the calibrate button's right here.
the summary.
Right. What I was saying was that just be careful with that calibrate button. Like if I go to, I think Arthur.
There's probably… and I'm gonna go down. Oh, it won't let me do IR review, because there's no one else has coded it yet.
Um, if I do Marcus… Go to IRR review.
and click calibrate. It looks like I already ran it for him, too.
Anyway, this report doesn't automatically show up. You actually have to click to run it.
Uh-huh.
and just just stick to the just don't click the button to run it.
Oh…
Just leave… let me do that, because it takes a while, and it's kind of expensive.
Amin, don't press the calibrate button.
Right.
You can press the calibrate button that shows the report, but if the report isn't there in that drawer.
Yeah.
Don't click the button that will be there to generate it.
I see, okay, okay.
Okay.
Just let me do that. For a number of reasons.
All right.
Anyway… well, I'm trying to figure out how to make best use of this right now.
Well, one of the things I'm thinking about, Patrick, is just the, um, you know, basically…
Having the, um…
That little symbol on, you know, as we go through and code,
That then takes us to the AI Literature Review, and whether… how we're coding aligns.
It seems like we should wait to look at that until after we've done our coding.
You know, I thought about that. And… It's a good discussion. I'm… I'm not sure, but I kind of decided to just not worry about it.
I'm open to ideas. If you think that's important.
We can agree to do that.
Yeah.
You know, I think maybe we should do a test, like, do one where we do it, and one where we don't, and…
It's see what emerges out of that, if anything.
Yeah, I agree.
I'm thinking… I'm just tripped by not doing it, we're treating the AI agent as another coder.
Um, and trying to keep it blind between all of us.
Until we compare.
Mm-hmm.
That seems the cleanest if we're actually doing an IRR.
Yep.
But…
Yeah, that's fine. I mean, I… part of Irr. One of the choices you make in an IRR study is is how to approach training, because technically speaking, you're all supposed to be on the same page in terms of the training materials you consume.
So it's a choice, I think. We all have implicit training with bone theory.
Right? We have our implicit understanding of theory and the terms that we would be… we would be drawing upon if we did not use the IRR tool. And so I think it's a choice. Do we also include the lit review as something, as food for thought as we go?
Yeah.
In addition to our implicit training, and how is that different than me going and looking at Bone's book after the meeting, you know?
I mean, I…
Well, yeah, go ahead, Kathy.
I don't know.
I mean, this is training right now, and at some point when it would not be training, it would be an actual…
research evaluation.
That would be a time to…
decide based on our learning from looking at it, if we're going to treat
the AI as another blind coder.
ever there was actual research, that would obviously be…
um… something that you'd have to define and have
everybody…
you know, doing… doing the same thing, or not doing it, not different people having different methods, obviously.
I agree on that. You have to have an agreement on what you're doing.
I don't think. Yeah.
week.
So I kind of agree that for now, let's just check it out and see both ways what we learn.
Well, uh, all of you could go on to Arthur and code that without.
Yeah.
I've done all of my coding without it. So I've got 3 more. I've got Arthur… I can't remember the names, but the next 3.
Um, that are done without it on my end.
So, you could go do Arthur for the next meeting. We could resume the IRR level, you know, discussion, and just… you could just go look at it after you're done, just kind of play around with it.
Yeah.
Right.
And see what it says about your codes.
Because it's really not a blind coder, it's looking at our coding, and…
Uh-huh.
Assessing our coding.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's not a blind coder, it's… it's definitely informed by all of it. That's right.
So, it's a…
new… I wonder if others have run into this, you know.
Um, in other…
studies using AI.
I don't think anybody's done any studies using AI. I think they're all starting now.
Okay. Okay.
Because I'm on the cutting edge of what's possible with this stuff, and it's like, we're all just sort of trying to… it's all just messy experiments, like what I'm showing you right now.
Yeah, okay. That's good.
But those… but it's emerging now. People are just starting to… do conventional social scientists, social science studies and publishing methodologies with AI assistance. So.
Yeah.
So yeah, that sounds like a good idea. Everybody do Arthur Blind for next time.
But after we do our own, we can compare it with…
what the AI agent is telling us.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, and I mean, we haven't even really used the IRR review page yet, just the fact that we have our codes lined up. The Florida conference got in the way, and.
So it'd be a chance to just pick it back up again.
Yeah. Okay.
Arthur, here we come.
In the meantime. Here's an idea.
Okay.
So I've got my codes for Sarah. and I'm I can go to my under functioning code for her being exhausted and just see what this thing says. We could keep it at that statement level and keep it kind of narrowly focused.
How late are we going today?
Okay.
Top of the hour.
That means 1 o'clock here, right?
Okay.
Yeah. It's current coding, so this is what I put in, and then this is its analysis. I said it was over functioning. She's exhausted by mom's confusion and forgetting Michael doesn't help.
This evaluation examines the coding based on. Okay, that's redundant. Yeah, don't ever need to put that in there. It agrees, saying the coding of relationship over function is aligned with the operational definition. Sarah's statement contains multiple specific markers for this variable.
I feel like I'm the only one holding things together, that's what she said. Aligns with the marker. If I don't do it, no one will.
and that's family evaluation. Family evaluation ranks high in a lot of these.
Let's go look and see what that says. 218 over functioning person is typically one who feels responsible for the emotional well-being of others.
And then the inferences, feels responsible compensates for deficits.
Yeah, yeah.
I feel like I'm the only one holding everything together. Matches pretty well, in my opinion, with Kerr.
Yeah. Yeah.
It's just exhausting, honestly. Aligns with, I'm exhausted feeling overwhelmed, that's 224.
over functioning one derives a sense of well-being by virtue of doing for others.
Yep.
Hmm.
Right, I don't see that, yeah.
well-being, that's interesting. I didn't catch that from… in here.
It's exactly…
Yeah.
They got the assumption right, it just made an assumption.
So it really made an assumption there.
Complaints about others. Michael doesn't really help much aligns with the marker frustration that others aren't contributing, feeling unsupported.
That's also 224.
Can you, uh…
Wait a second, is that Fe 2?
Yeah, it's… I think it's just referencing the wrong thing, because it's… I think if you go above Patrick, it…
That's more, uh…
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that, that…
above in here.
looks like maybe they… something there might align more.
Over functioning, uh… sense of well-being by virtue. That's… yeah, I didn't catch that from this. This is… Michael Zoom.
Yeah.
That's… that's… yeah.
See this? It might have just found the wrong link. Let's see if that quote. So here's that quote.
And it's coded to that passage, Fe 224. There's something wrong with the coding.
Maybe it's just because it's all FE224, maybe it's just putting all the content from that paragraph or something.
It could be making inferences from parts of the paragraph that are not in the in the quote.
Actually. Yeah.
Okay.
This is, like, where, Patrick, it comes in, where you have to be extremely…
specific or something in what you're…
telling it to do, right?
like when you… I've seen you…
What do you mean?
put things in, like, and…
you know, stick to the facts. I don't know. Don't…
infer just…
whatever, I don't know, like that.
Oh, a discussion you and I had about the context that you give it.
Yeah.
Right.
Right? I was telling you the difference between when you have an AI model and you just in chat Gpt, and you ask it a question, it… it can use… it can draw from its training data, which is scraping the Internet, or you can say, based on this document.
Right. Right.
give me… tell me what you think. That's scoping the context, yeah. There's… that's exactly what's going on under the hood. It's saying, based on this literature review only.
apply the definitions. given in in the literature review to this code.
Yeah.
And so what I'm… what I think is going on, and it just takes a lot of time to go through and double check it, but… With this Fe 22 thing where it doesn't line up, it could be pulling from.
the whole passage, like a bigger part of the passage that's not referenced or something like that. I don't know.
Yeah.
But, you know, it got… as food for thought, I mean, it kind of lined it up.
Pretty… I mean, first of all, it got… it got the responsibility, they got the concept right.
Yeah.
you know, so it's food for thought. It's half right.
Redundancy? Is it a genuinely new shift? Because that's in the rules. This is a new shift.
And then it's it's saying is event number one captures her internal state, which is symptom anxiety, trouble sleeping event to.
negative 2 captures relational reciprocity between Sarah and Michael. That's which is separate.
or it needed to be coded separately, that's correct, I'd say.
Wow.
Sirf distinguishes between internal experience of stress and the relational mechanism of overfunctioning used to manage the stress within the family system.
I don't know that that's the case, is it?
How do you mean?
SARF distinguishes between the internal experience… I mean, is that saying…
SARF focuses on the relational mechanism, not the internal experience of stress.
I mean, it does… if SAR, you know, anxiety, I think we…
take evidence of people's report about their internal state.
the relational mechanism…
So that's basically saying it's, you know, A and are distinct.
Yeah.
Yes, that is all it's saying. And it's inferring that from the data model, because you track shifts for one person at a particular point in time. And you have separate variables which literally means they're supposed to vary independently.
Yeah. Okay.
And I…
That's pretty good, in my opinion. Because I never told it that, you know?
Oh, wow.
You know, it would probably… yeah, they could say it clearer… more clearly, I think. You know, it's just…
we're interpreting what it means a little bit, I think.
But I think the other important thing in that redundancy, you know, just…
The idea of the, um, convention being that we just
code NEWSHIFTS. We don't code…
references to shifts that we've already coded.
Um, I just… that… being clear on that, I think, is really…
um… you know, important.
Would you give an example of what you mean?
Seemed like there were a lot of… a number of those in the Sarah thing.
that had to do with the over and under functioning. It was sort of stating it at different points in…
They interviewed.
Yeah.
But that…
Right.
for coding's sake, we just want to get the first instance, and then when it's described again,
We don't need to code it again, unless it's referring to a separate incidence of it.
That's what we were, I believe, having a discussion about last time, when you were away.
Um, because we had a… we… when we were looking… comparing, there was a discrepancy
And I was thinking out loud about the… the weight study data,
And the…
just the fact that we underlined all relevant data, even if it was
a repeat.
Um, and the…
Right.
And the thought that
Um, perhaps what that can capture is when one point of anxiety or pattern
is really piling on…
for somebody, it… it speaks to their level of
The level of importance in the timeline, or the level of anxiety, um,
that… that maybe begs repeating it, is what… is what I thought. Then it… it… does it come to light at the end?
that that was more important than other…
other events, other shifts.
Oh, huh.
clarify that the I can't remember the term it used is a deduplication redundancy. Okay. What it's talking about here is that if there's two different statements that say, I see him not trying, you don't add another delta.
Yeah.
So it's specifically talking about making sure that there's only one.
code per concept or construct, you know, on the timeline.
Well, so would that apply, then, just to that turn of talk, or would it apply to all subsequent
you know, utterances.
Yeah.
All statements. So, like, if I… if it says, uh… but it frustrates me when I see I'm not trying in this statement. And then let's say she says, yeah, and he just doesn't ever try, and it bothers me here. You wouldn't add another code for it.
Uh-huh.
So that's what this is saying. about the redundancy part. It… this is a genuinely new shift, and that's a criteria for adding it here.
Okay.
Yeah.
You know, it's not being repeated. And Kathy, what you're getting at is is a separate idea that's kind of.
Probably important, I think, about how you code, because you're saying when somebody's saying something over and over again, you know, it might be more important, or at least emotionally salient for them than some other idea that you could code, and you gotta pay attention to that.
Right, so how is what you're saying different than that?
something like that, right?
By… by entering it once.
Because you wouldn't… you wouldn't say… if somebody says, I'm so anxious.
70 times in a session, you wouldn't say that they're anxious 70 times.
You just need to say they're anxious once, but you might also say that they're really freaking anxious.
Yeah.
You know what I mean? So we're talking about… it's important, actually, technically, and it's a rule that's not up for debate for this system. When somebody says something, like, when she says in one statement, it frustrates me when I see him not trying.
And then if she says that in another way in the next statement, you should only add the delta in for the first statement, and don't repeat it after that.
Because it stacks up in the cumulative timeline. And if you keep adding, every time it's uttered, you keep adding another delta, it's just going to have a bunch of repetition in the cumulative timeline of the same thing.
Yeah.
Hey guys, I got a… I gotta run to teach.
That makes sense.
Hi, Guillermo.
At, uh, at 4. I'll see you guys, uh, next week.
Is it next week? No, it's two weeks.
Is it next week? Two weeks?
Two weeks. I just am… I'm excited to see you guys. That's the… that's…
No, you're talking about the seminar.
Or this too, this also. Seminar.
Oh. Oh.
seminar.
Oh. That's also in two weeks, so we've got the 30th is the working group is in 2 weeks, so we'll all do Arthur, and then the app seminar is that following Friday.
Okay.
Okay, cool. All right.
And that's a long… is that a long one, the app seminar? But I've got it marked.
I don't know.
I'm not sure. I think I have it short here, but this is just my personal calendar. Check the page.
Alright, guys.
Yeah, I've got it, I've got it, thank you.
Okay.
That's got the right times. Okay? Thanks, guys.
Okay. Bye.
Thank you.